could you do me a quick favor if you're
listening to this please hit the follow
or subscribe button it helps more than
you know and we invite subscribers in
every month to watch the show in person
presenting the inter UFC middleweight
champion
is oh [__] I know when it's all said and
done when I'm dead my name will be
remembered in history why does that
matter guys like us we're not meant to
fit in we're meant to stand out but I've
felt it it's addicting I need to do
something that's going to just tame the
Beast if not it's going to seep in other
ways I wouldn't want it to in my life
are you happy I think 2013 was my Great
Depression I wasn't able to fight and
then I just felt like I don't deserve it
this world one thing I've seen they'll
build you up and then tear you down
people naturally just want to see you
fail I had to take a hard look at myself
and I put that pressure on myself like
watch this I don't feel like I have
anything to hide I put things out there
that I probably shouldn't sometimes but
that's my way of being vulnerable when
I'm just like this is
me so without further Ado I'm Steven
Bartlett and this is the D of CEO I hope
nobody's listening but if you are then
please keep this to
yourself Israel yes thank you for being
here massive inspiration for me in so
many ways and I've watched your your
rise over the years with with ins
inspiration and um admiration for so
many reasons reason number one we have a
I guess a shared Heritage in the fact
that we're both from I'm Nigerian you're
Nigerian as well and sir and your story
as I read it it sounded so bizarrely
like my story in so many ways and then
the other I mean I could there's an
exhaustive list of reasons why you've
inspired me personally but then seeing
what you've done with yourself as a
brand as a marketeer again inspired me
in a completely different way and I'll
never forget and I played it for my
girlfriend last night entrance against
Robert Whitaker the first time the first
time and I'm like this guy is breaking
the rules yeah the entrance um for
me that was uh I felt like that was my
way of staying away from the fight in a
way cuz I know that night Robert was
just like stewing over the fight yeah he
was sleeping he wouldn't no not he
wasn't sleeping I'm sure he was just
worried about the fight thinking about
the fight just thinking about but for me
I was literally I fell asleep with my
phone in my hand watching my rehearsals
for that entrance like this is going to
look sick replay probably replayed it
like 60 times the night before and I
fell asleep with my phone in my hand
watching that just the rehearsals so
it's was like there was no paralysis
over analysis I was just like focused on
how sick that was going to look and it
was fun for me it was my way of
authentically expressing myself with my
roots and dancing and just being
creative so when it was time to show out
you know I showed out you know and it
was my show this time like you know um
when Robert and Kelvin gum's fight fell
out the morning of the fight before 2
34 um that was in that was in Melbourne
yeah R La arena in Melbourne as well I
wanted to do an entrance and and Dana
was like uhuh no allow no can't have it
this and that so when it was 243 I was
like look this is my show I'm doing this
entrance I don't give a [__] what you
think and yeah I made sure I did that
and look how it turned out it was iconic
and you realize though because when I I
remember must have been 3:00 a.m. here
when I was watching that I'm thinking
this guy's put more pressure on himself
that he didn't need to put on himself he
has to win now exactly I love that I
like to gamble but I like to gamble at
the highest level I like to gamble with
like the biggest Stakes you know cuz I
feel like whenever I get that win over
that and I it just it just feels that
much better and I feel
like I don't know you just there a
feeling I I don't know how to describe
it but it's just cuz you know people are
watching that just like [__] like
especially those who don't like me like
[__] hope this [__] gets dropped I
hope this guy gets knocked the [__] out
you know it thinks he's the man walking
out dancing all that [__] so you know
people naturally just want to see you
fail they're like this guy thinks he's
that good on a like that was 57,135
people in attendance and I put that
pressure on myself like watch this and
yeah for me there's something special
about just overcoming that that just
gives me that that
Rush speaking of entrances then you were
born in Nigeria um as I said I'm half
Nigerian and then you moved to New
Zealand what what was the reason why
your parents decided to take you out of
Nigeria and move you to another country
I think it was um initially better
recognized tesy education cuz you know I
mean when I'm in New Zealand I sometimes
I'll be you know talking to a cab driver
and you find out that he was a medical
doctor back in Sri Lanka or back in
India and then moved over to you know NZ
or the Western World for quote unquote
better life and their their
qualifications aren't recognized in the
Western World you know but they're a
surgeon or something crazy back home so
then they have they're forced to take
these um I guess milal jobs
or start up a new business and yeah they
wanted us to have better recognized test
education yeah worked out all right for
me but you were really smart anyway in
in Nigeria when you got when you got to
New Zealand you were smarter than the
class remember you saying that they
thought you were yeah but I was like the
I was in form one I remember like it was
um we're doing two times table and I was
just
like yeah I knew the song in my
head finished I remember when I everyone
was
like who like and I I'm I'm the runt of
our people trust me like I'm not the
smartest you know kid in the class back
in Nigeria so when that happened I was
just
like what's up with these kids like this
is easy this is light work I did four
one actually three times so I did it
first time when I was 10 years old in
Nigeria Bell's boarding school and then
when I moved to Ghana for about a year
and a bit I had to do no about yeah a
year and a bit I had to do primary six
and then form one again and then when I
moved to New Zealand I had to do form
one again then I SKT form two and then
went straight to form three cuz it was I
just kept they were like oh he's too
young you know he can't in each country
was like oh he's too young to be in form
one so yeah uh but I wasn't like I
wasn't the most academically gifted kid
I'm smart but I'm smart in different
ways yeah when um when I was reading
about your story The the other part that
really resonated with me was we we came
from Botswana and we moved to a place
called Plymouth in Dev and KL which is
like a Farmland it's like if you go yeah
4 hours into the the end of the country
that way where it's all cows and Fields
and all white people yeah that's where
we moved and we're the only black family
my mom's Nigerian yeah and um that
process of trying to figure out why I
was different to my CL classmates and
why we were poorer and all these I
always said I was I never realized I was
black till I left Nigeria yeah and it's
not that I didn't know my skin tone it's
just like I never knew like it was a
problem you know I never knew like
people would you know I guess
discriminate against me because of my
skin tone and it was weird for me it was
really weird for me to kind of like
almost like another type of culture
shock like uh the one I used was an
example was this kid who kept on riding
by my house in the weekend from school
and we just like Hur insult s you know
at me at my house in my house in the
weekend he took time out of his [__]
day on a Saturday like go back to your
country black and and then drive by
again say oh you black this you blah
blah blah I was like I liter I was just
like did I do something to this kid I
know his name even I remember his name
not his last name but I was just like
what the [__] like what did I do to this
kid to like did I did I do something and
then that Monday was it the Monday or
Tuesday the following week he pulls up
to me he like what a black boy and I was
having a bad day already and this is
after like lunchtime when it was about
to end and he pushed me and I remember
just wailing on him just threw him to
his C block beat his ass through his B
Block beat his ass and I just I was
crying the whole time just beating him
up and I wasn't a fighter back then but
I was just fed up and pissed off like
who the [__] is this kid like first of
all you harass me all weekend and then
at school you're harassing me yeah he
never did that again after that yeah
what was your relationship like with
your race at that point cuz I I got to
be honest started like relaxing my hair
and I started I did and I was trying to
I was trying to be white I was trying to
be fit in like there was a point even
like I start to try and talk like the
Kiwi kids I try to like use the same
slang I still do but like just cuz I'm
part of the culture but like I really
try to like fit in fit in and I don't
what you mean about relax I was relaxing
my hair cuz I thought it was cool you
know it wasn't because I was trying to
fit in but there was bits and pieces
well I was just like man cuz everyone
just wants to belong you know especially
as kids you know you just want to be
part of a tribe or fit in but then yeah
when it took me a while to realize that
I wasn't meant to fit in like guys like
us we're not meant to fit in we meant to
stand out So eventually I had to kind of
stand it took me a while to kind of
learn how to stand 10 toes deep in my
own light but yeah I was there at one
point you know trying to fit in and
trying to make sure
almost like even during lunchtime if I
wanted to go to the TU shop right I
would take the long way I would like a
rat or Mouse I would Scurry along the
edges of the school so I don't get a
[__] with and it would take longer twice
as long three times as long but at least
I didn't have to just walk through and
get [__] with you know on the way to
the Talk Shop or something cuz I spent
most of my time in the library during
lunchtimes um I think in form three yeah
just cuz safe in the library what do you
mean by getting [__] with what would
happen if you walk directly to the Tuck
Shop I know some I just throw an Apple
at you or you know something stupid like
someone might run up behind you in town
down trap you you know uh or trip you or
just chase you try to beat you up for
fun and I know kids are stupid you know
you I was in a boy school as well so you
know it's all these boys
with I know like just pent up emotions
and unresolve Trauma and don't know what
to do with the new found hormones and
it's just
like like little chimps and yeah see
that's s i I know yeah definitely so
it's like yeah uh we didn't know I for
me as just yeah as an adult now I I look
at it I'm just like man we didn't know
what the [__] we were doing like who who
led us like who let us
outside you know but um it's all part of
the learning experience I feel it's all
part of growing pains like I know when I
have kids I know exactly what I'm going
to tell them uh how to handle themselves
if if you know what I mean what are you
gonna tell them well one of the ones is
hit hard hit first to be honest like I
don't care like this whole thing I
remember like you know oh don't don't
hit them first you you know like if they
touch you then you I'm like nah [__] all
that cuz the first punch matters the
first punch matters so if someone like
you know is talking to me and pushing me
around pushing me around smack them like
they'll learn first like firsthand like
okay don't [__] with that kid even if
you might win at least he's not going to
be a like make it not easy for them to
[__] with you you know what I mean so
that's one thing I'm I'm definitely
going to teach my kids it's like to just
make sure you're [__] unfuckable with
yeah when I look back at my early years
and you know having studied a bit of
childhood psychology I realized how like
formative and important those ear years
are and we we're basically as adults
like living out the stories we told
ourselves about ourselves as kids and
seeking validation from all the things
that childood traas and yeah what so
what what was left behind as you became
an ad lot a lot one thing okay I want to
go deep
definitely being a kid that moved from
Niger to New Zealand right and trying to
fit in I ended up being a people pleaser
as a kid I didn't realize that because
I'm trying to fit in I'm trying to
please everyone and then you don't
realize how that follows you into adult
life so there was times and it's still
once in a while You' be surprised it
rares its ugly head but I'm able to
identify that monster now and I'm just
like right I know what that is boom and
I kill it straight away so I've learned
that over years though but then that
people please are still still a part of
me you know cuz it was a way of
surviving you know I'll just make sure
these guys all cool don't [__] with me I
you know and I just kind of appease them
yeah that's one thing definitely that
that was the result of just I guess
trying to fit in it's just people
pleasing and it's not it's not the best
way to live it's not the best way to
live because you can't make everyone
happy and someone's always going to find
something wrong with what you're doing
or how you're living or whatever so yeah
I it took me a long time but eventually
I got to the point where I just don't I
really don't care what anyone else
thinks apart from those who I give a
[__] about I care what they think but
anyone else who is's not really I guess
I don't have any emotional attachment to
[__] them like Bernie ma said [__] them
yeah and when you say people pleasing to
be to be to be specific in the examples
of you being a people pleaser do you
mean on social media or like to the
publicated or you mean no no before
social media this is when I was a kid
like in high school people pleas IE in
the sense of like you know um son ask
you to do something you might not want
to do it but you'll do it just cuz you
just just sure you want to fit in cuz
that guy you know he you know I guess
he's one of the first 15 jocks who play
rugby or whatever and you just like oh
you know I I I'll do what he says just
cuz you want to get that it's almost
like clout or social currency you know
what I mean so yeah things like that but
um yeah it took me a long time like I
said to learn and realize those things
this is a lot of self-reflection years
of self-reflection and realizing because
a lot of people don't even realize
they're running on
old you know childhood trauma like a lot
of everyone is so you have to find a way
to sit down and just access that with
yourself through therapy is one of the
best ways and then you just work it's
like reverse engineering like where does
that come from you know why why am I
like that why am I why do I have that
attitude why do I think like that and
then yeah you and your therapist kind of
work that back and realize you know
where that comes from as I was reading
through your story and you know you sit
here as this unbelievable UFC champion
and then as I read through your story
there's all these little subtle hints of
what almost sounds a bit like impostor
syndrome at certain times like this guy
not believing that he's deserving of
what he's achieved and it's it really
sits in contradiction to the guy that
did that back flip coming out against
Rob wh so I'm like where did that come
from tell me about that
um I think some of just same thing
trauma childhood trauma some of that
stuff um I've dealt with it very well
now to the point where it's like there
was time s um I Ed an example when uh I
think who I I was speaking the Forbes
not long ago and we we dived into this a
little bit so when I when I beat Rob
right I wanted my gifts to myself I
bought myself a McLaren 720s nice
and I um the first day I got it I
remember I drove to the gym um this is
at Peak you know time at the gym maybe
six 5:30 p.m. or whatever and I didn't
park it at the front of the gym I parked
it at the back of the gym and I show my
teammates like my close close actual
teammates not the people that go to the
gym cuz sometimes a lot of people like
to be like I'm M Ro teammate it's like
no you just go to the same gym as me
doesn't mean we're teammates so I parked
it at the back of the gym and then after
my teammates finished working I was like
yo come check this out and I showed them
and I was like like [__] look at this
[__] like cuz they know how the work I
put in I work hard but then I'm like man
I'm not the I'm not the best student in
the gym so imagine if I can do this
imagine what they can do so I kind of
just just to share the share my joy and
then you
know unfortunately especially in New
Zealand there's this tall puppy syndrome
and is that green ey monster and I've
been that kid so it's easy for me to
recognize it on other people when you've
when you've had it with yourself um so
someone said something you know I must
be nice and I started to hear Rumblings
of I know it happens uh you for me it
was the same thing I was just like man I
didn't expect that from someone that I
cared about to to have that kind of
rhetoric like uh
and then I heard like you know maybe you
know like other people they're more
deserving people what I know yeah and
they kind of just piss having people
yeah at the gym because they work harder
than me right right right and like I
said I didn't if I wanted to flex I
would have parked it in the front of the
gym like you know look at my new Whip
and just to like Flex and just show off
or whatever but no I parked in the back
of the gym where only like seven people
saw it and the seven people that I
really give a [__] about and I wanted
them to see like look look at this [__]
like [__] if I can do this imagine what
you can do so when I heard that I didn't
drive it for a week I just I just felt
[__] driving it I remember driving at
home and I just felt like [__] I just
poed it in the garage and I just left it
there for a week I didn't drive it
because I felt like I I let those words
from that person I gave a [__] about
seep into me and then it sat with me and
then I just felt like oh yeah mean I
don't deserve it you know you know other
people work harder than me at the gym
this and that r r ra but then it took
like I said about a week over that week
cuz I mean was a [__] sick car I
literally didn't drive for a week and
got to the point that I realized during
that week that towards the end like well
that's subjective if they don't think I
deserve it that's their own opinion
that's subjective that's what they
believe I don't have to believe that and
like you said that is that that impostor
syndrome things start to creep in I was
like you know maybe they don't think I
deserve it but one thing no one can ever
take away from me is that I earned it
every [__] thing I have I earned it
and I earned this [__] Whip and I
have a right to drive this thing and
flex and once I got over that hurdle in
my head boom I was in that [__] and I
was whipping it around but yeah it's
like that in aposta syndrome thing creep
crept in when I heard that from and it
was through the grapevine as well but
then I was from someone I really like I
I was like man why would he say that I
just I just and then people learn this
is over now it's a long time ago you
know this is wh it could fight but it's
something it said more about them than
it does about me you know what I mean it
it says more about them than it does
about me so I shouldn't have let that
affect me at all but I did because I
give a [__] what that person thought
because they a close person to me and
unfortunately sometimes it's the ones
close to you that will hurt you with
that
yeah there's something really remarkably
sort of liberating and amazing to hear a
UFC champion talking about imposter
syndrome because it really does feel
like it feels like there's no and this
is I know this is an obvious
misconception it really doesn't feel
like someone with your swag and
confidence could feel those things um
you talked there about therapy as well
and when you spoke to to Joe Rogan about
therapy and about after your UFC debut
yeah that swell you went through I wrote
about this in my book because I I got
really compelled by the this really
bizarre thing that happened in my life
when my company joined the stock market
and I'm sat in my room in Manchester and
it it's wor 300 million and I'm figuring
out how much money that means I've got
and it feeling like the worst day of my
life and then when I you know heard you
talking a little bit about how you felt
after your UFC fight hiding in the
toilet when people are pestering you to
ask you questions and that annoying dude
sitting down next to you when you tried
to yeah after my UFC debut uh the
Afterparty it was after the fight it's
always like I said I get pulled in so
many different directions and it's just
like it was my first time in the UFC so
I I was my first time experiencing all
that
and it's like coffee it's a stimulant
coffee is a stimulant so after your UFC
debut and you sh like the way I did you
know I I I stole the show I came in
there and I stole the show and it was
just like
cameras this oh we need you to interview
this oh come talk to this person talk to
this
person and
then I didn't get time to myself till I
got back home and when I was back home
and I was in my own house and finally
away from all the noise and it's just
like and then I remember it's like
coffee you drink coffee you're you got
the coffee high and then you crash so
it's literally that like just lack of
the stimulant and I just crashed I was
like why am I sad I found myself being
really sad and I remember it's probably
on my old phone me documenting my
recovery cuz I was just like like video
diaries that is I was like why am I sad
like I made six figures in my UFC debut
that's including the bonus as well yeah
and I'm just like there's no need to be
sad I [__] kill that [__] and that's
when I started to kind of like take
therapy seriously because I like okay
this is not I'm not going to be one of
these bad statistics you know that you
hear about in the in in entertainment so
yeah I um
I had to I guess take take a take a hard
look at myself but then therapy help
with that because then you find the
right person who can kind of help
you I guess figure you out and all they
do is just ask you the right questions
and then show you I guess yourself yeah
can you because I heard you say that you
picked up tools from therapy that helped
you sort of navigate all of that
attention in this new position you were
in what were the tools oh so um it
wasn't until I fought brunon that I was
able to go back home and just kind of
like um I keep saying it's like I came
back from prison uh what do you call it
like weave back into society regular
life normally you know it was until that
was my fourth UFC fight but then each
fight after that same thing I go back
home and I just like have this crash and
I had to realize okay this this is
something that I can't have happen
constantly CU it's not healthy a tool I
can say that helped me
um one of the ones that helped was
charlamagne's book at the time shook
once anxiety playing tricks on me I read
that during the I finished reading that
actually during the um Brunson fight
that fight week I finished reading that
and that I I I got a lot of gems from
that book but from therapy one from
therapy from my own experience is
talking to myself the selft talk because
you have we all have negative selft talk
but looking in the mirror and talking to
yourself you know speaking to yourself
like you would to someone you're giving
advice to because when you look in the
mirr you humanize yourself and I start
to like you know just have a
conversation with myself even like like
G myself up if I want to Big myself up
things like that so that's a tool that I
feel like is really underrated it looks
crazy you know standing in front of the
mirror and talking to yourself but it's
a really powerful tool if you know how
to use it right Fighters don't talk much
about their mental health I think
Whitaker did the other day and you you
kind of thanked him and applauded him
for doing that for being yeah I mean I
put him in a dark place after that first
fight and I understand because guess
what he was trying to do the same thing
to me um my guy respect is um Tyson Fury
because he's he's
about that you know to ends like and how
dark he went he went to like the depths
of Hell in his own head and then he's
risen above it and he says like he
battles with every day I feel like look
there's your spectrum of physical health
is super healthy super ill if you do not
look after yourself and your physical
health you're going to get physically
ill same way if you don't look after
your mental health you're going to get
mentally ill so I feel like if you're
it's like someone saying like you know
oh I don't go to therapy [__] all that
[__] no it's like well do you take
vitamins do you go to the hospital it's
not something to be you know sh like H
whatever from it's I feel like you
should look after your mental health the
same way you look after your physical
health so once I learned how powerful
that was I'm always on top of it I slip
up obviously because I'm human and I get
ill but yeah I always make sure I'm I'm
on point though was that your hardest
moment with your mental health after
that UFC debut in your
recollection not my hardest I think 2013
was my Great Depression there was a time
in 2013 that life was just
[Music]
like that's spiraling bad it's early
2013 I remember at the time my girl left
me the business I was working with was
failing work was [__] um I had my jaob
broken in 2012 and I wasn't able to
fight so I really had no
like not purpose but like something that
I was looking forward to you know there
was a time during that 2013 there was a
time where I was walking mly home one
time and I remember this is when I was
really broke and I remember just looking
in this dairy or like this corner store
and I was just
like I wish I could just go in there and
be like look just give me the money you
have I don't want to hurt you but just
give me and I remember just like it was
a fleeting thought and I was like man
and that made me empathize with people I
was like this is why some of them do it
they just have no other choice obviously
I'm not going to do it because I'm I'm
not an idiot but I realized like this is
why some people do what they do because
they have no choice they just want to
eat I was lucky enough that no matter
how bad it got I always have my parents
supporting me if I hit my dad dad can
you please just loow me a 100 bucks can
you just give me 200 books d d they
would always support me and I never went
to them often but whenever I need to
they were always there for me so I never
had to go to that point where I was and
I would have never anyway cuz I'm not
stupid you you refer to that moment as
your your Great Depression yeah 2013
what got you out of that Great
Depression to be honest once I had my
fight so then I fought in June I believe
that year finally after six or seven
months cuz I had to take time off after
the surgery fighting and then I realized
my purpose again like okay I know what I
want to do so I didn't fight for a long
time cuz it was yeah it was just really
it was dark times not you know something
you're passionate about something you I
what I moved to Oakland to do and it got
taken away from me so then I wasn't able
to do what I wanted to do and then once
I got it back it just kind of reated to
myself like I know who I am I know who
the [__] I am so yeah there's something
really sort of telling about that that
your lowest moment was when you lost so
much you lost connection in terms of
your girlfriend and you lost orientation
and purpose and something to a for in
your life yeah and you see that in young
men I mean the the the single biggest
killer of men in this country under 45
is themselves yeah it's mad and it's
like how do we get young men to have a
sense of purpose and meaning in their
lives in the modern world how do we get
that back into them and it's funnily
enough I go to the gym around the corner
I could go to some Posh gym I go to the
gym like down there in the in the ends
it's like 15 pounds a month and it's all
black and Asian young men and when I'm
in the gym I'm looking around and I'm
sat there thinking like cuz now I'm on
the Dragon's Den they they come up to me
sometimes but before that I was thinking
like the probably the best thing I could
do to help um with suicide rates in this
country other than having these kind of
conversations is like put loads of
[__] gemms in this country yeah oh
yeah you know what I mean 100% I feel
like what we were talking about earlier
about young men kids especially when
they become adolescents and they don't
know what to do with all this new
hormones they're just filling up their
bodies and stuff like that they need an
outlet even for me I've said after this
game's done after I'm done with this
fighting [__] when I have a family at
least a couple of times a year I need to
do something that's going to feel like
I'm about to die I feel like I just need
to do something that's just going to
just I'm a bit of an adrenaline junkie
so I need to do something that's going
to just like tame the Beast if not I
just feel like it's going to seep in
other ways I I wouldn't want it to in my
life you know so I need to find a way to
tame the Beast and I feel like this does
martial arts what there a quote make
Savage of the body and civilize the Mind
something like that you know what I mean
especially as young men honestly like
they want to like you know sometimes
people want to kind of like discredit um
athleticism or you know working out or
you're just a jock or this and that I
hate jocks I was never a jock in school
so I have a really really special place
in my heart for them but um yeah for me
I just feel like just being able to own
your masculinity in a way that's not not
toxic I'm not talking toxic masculinity
but just being able to just like work
work out and a place where you can be a
man and just like throw weights around
or I like I love rolling with my boys
like there's some I I love lifting even
during lockdown I was lifting on lot but
there's something to be said when I have
a guy like my teammate Brad Rell or
caros or blood diamond you know on my
back trying to choke me out and then you
know 3 two 1 go and I have to fight the
choke something Primal about that that
just activates this part of my brain
that I'm just like [__] it just yeah it
gets me going quick one as the seasons
have begun to change so has my diet and
um right now I'm just going to be
completely honest with you I'm starting
to think a lot about slimming down a
little bit because over the last couple
of probably the last four or five months
my diet has been pretty bad um and it
started to show a little bit really over
the last two months I go to the gym
about 80% of the time so I track it with
10 of my friends in a WhatsApp group in
this tracker online that we all use
together we call it Fitness blockchain
and I'm currently at
81% um so 8 1% of the days I've done a
workout in the last 150 days right so
I'm going to the gym about six times a
week that's been a little bit impacted
by the DI of a live tour but I'm trying
to stick to it and so one of the things
I'm doing now to reduce my calorie
intake and trying to get back to being
nutritionally complete in all I eat is
I'm having the hu protein shake thank
you hu for making a product that I
actually like The Salted Caramel is my
favorite I've got the banana one here
which is the one my girlfriend likes but
for me salted caramel is
the one do you do you worry about that
when when all is said and done like
you're you're going to have these crazy
moments of having like 60,000 people in
this Arena and coming out doing these
like I'm ready for it yeah and then
ready for it the high of that the
adrenaline high of that when that's all
when you're you know when you're done
with this game you said you know when
you lose the Love of the Game or
whatever it is did you do you P do you
Ponder what that moment would be like
for you a little bit but I I'm I'm ready
for it in the sense that I'm not
attached to this I've already I know I'm
more than fighting fighting there's more
to life than fighting so I'm not like
one of these guys who is attached like
you know I don't even know where my belt
is right now to be honest I really don't
know I'm not attached to it I know I'm
the [__] Champ I know who I am I know
who I am and I'm a champ without the
belt it's just a fancy TI I've said that
from the jump
but I'm not attached to it to the sense
that it's my identity that this is all I
am so when it's all said and done and
I'm you know I'm not the UFC middlewood
champ anymore I'm retired I'm not going
to be like who who am I I know who I am
without the belt so that's the that's
the blessing in that but a lot of people
don't a lot of people like you see them
walk around with the belt constantly and
they just they attached to that like
that's who they are so when it's gone
and it's said and done that's why a lot
of people who are supposed to be retired
still end up
talking to the media and finding their
way to get their um name in the in this
you know in the spotlight because they
they're addicted to that it's addicting
trust me I've been there I've felt it
it's addicting attention that's that's a
social currency now attention even at
the highest level Fame clout this is all
these are these are tangible things I've
seen it I've seen it one it do to people
man funny story I saw this um when I was
in New York I fought Brunson right that
week I saw this YouTube video of a guy
in Times Square in New York he was there
regular easy didn't you know just
walking around didn't get bothered and
then he went there at night time hide
Entourage hide camera people dressed
apart that clip people are like stting
to like who's this guy fake famous dude
exactly fake famous guy and they're like
oh and then the camera guy ask him so
how do you know uh David and someone be
like U I heard his last album it was
pretty good I heard a single on the
radio or I saw him in spider people just
lie through their teeth you know and
just say whatever they think he is and
it's like you know you obviously don't
know the guy you can just say oh I don't
know who he is you know and I've had
that so when that day that that that
week in in New York I was doing a shoot
for my brand engage in Times Square I
had Jeff and like three other cameras on
me so there's like four cameras on me he
sees people starting to gather around
like oh who's this guy and then some
people recognize me they start taking
pictures and then before I knew it I
started finding people who didn't even
know me yeah and they're just like I
just want to take a picture have you
ever had someone come up to you had this
when we went to the podcast Awards Y and
they go hi um who are you and I go oh um
dragon from Dragon then they go brao
okay
oh
man the worst one I remember was um I've
used this story a few times but uh I was
at this bar in Auckland and there was a
a table of like four Dudes and two
chicks and I could tell one of the chick
was like the center of attention so when
I came in the guys were just like no
[__] way stop in what the [__] they
were just showing me love and all that
and I could see I could feel her energy
and I could see her from the corner of
my eye just
like and then she came up she's like
excuse me but who you I just like H
don't worry baby it's all good I was
talking to one of the guys taking photos
and I then she came back again trying to
talk to me I was just like and then she
came forc me this time he like excuse me
why is everyone giving a [__] who are
you I don't know who you are and I was
like baby I don't know who you are I
just F her off I was like I don't care
you don't know who I am you know but
like the fact that she wanted to let me
know that she didn't know who I was like
it was going to hurt my feelings I was
and I was just like baby I don't know
who you are and I remember her face Ji
she's not used to being treated like
that exactly so I'm like I don't care I
I forget who I am all the time you know
but the fact that she thought like it
would actually hurt my feelings for her
not know who I'm like who the [__] are
you you know how how how have you made
sense with all this this noise when you
you walk through places [__] the noise
but the the fame like what's your
relationship relationship with it I was
thinking about this the other night and
I was talking to one of my friends and I
was thinking for me it's kind of just
this thing that's happening outside of
me and I'm observing it like a spectator
I like that
perspective there's no book on this [__]
so I've always said like [__] the fame
but I love the perks I love the perks of
Fame but I just I don't like being
famous you know what I mean have you
seen free Britney yeah yeah yeah yeah
brother there was a bit in that that was
one of my like I was getting anxiety
watching the first half of that there
was a bit she was driving and then she
ran through these red lights and the
guys were like look at her she's crazy
I'm like yeah cuz you're [__] chasing
her you're chasing her she's trying to
get the [__] away from you and you're
calling her
crazy man that whole thing just the way
she when she was trying to buy gas and
everyone was just on
her H I even cringe thinking about it
because I'm just like I would hate I
would have I would have hate to be in
that position especially like to be with
your family like your family doing that
to you that's crazy but yeah um Fame
it's not it's not no one's supposed to
be famous it's not a thing especially
with all these gadgets now we're not
supposed to have these we're not
supposed to have um people who don't do
[__] with their lives have such a loud
voice and droves being able to tell us
because back in the day I saw this quote
on
Instagram um yes uh maybe last week or
this week about like you know back in
the day before social media you only
heard from doers you heard from people
who are actually doing [__] you rarely
heard from complainers but now
complainers are the ones you hear from
the most because they finally have a
voice and they they can be anonymous and
hide behind their their anonymity so
yeah they're the ones who have the big
the big voice now and the doers are just
doing so people start to eventually
believe the complainers it's a weird
Paradox shift now in this day and AG so
like I said you have to be able to sift
through the noise and I have my ways of
doing that and I guess you'd also only
hear if you go back even further from
people in your tribe exactly we only was
that we're only supposed to have like
certain amount of people we associate
with as as the human animal but then
like social media and the connectivity
we have now has just made us connected
to the whole world made the world a
small place that you can just even
confirmation bias that's another thing
we have to be careful about like and I I
make sure cuz I follow certain people on
Instagram that I don't necessarily agree
with but I follow them just to like hear
the other side I want to know amen just
to like cuz I don't want to be
surrounded by Yes Men or people like oh
I only follow you know cuz this tells me
what I need to know what I want to hear
exactly so now I I follow certain people
just cuz I'm like uh they make me feel a
certain way but I'm like they're not
wrong though you know and it's just
different ideas it's not wrong or right
so different ideologies but I'm just
like you know what I'll tap into that
just so I can at least be aware of the
other side what they're thinking yeah
and that kind of brings me to what I
heard you say about Rogan when you
defended him because Rogan's one of
those people for me as well like I can
listen to his shows and his his his
podcast and stuff and I don't have to
agree with everything but there's a I
don't have to agree with his guest what
it means but there's a diversity of
opinion so I can and I feel like people
these days as we've all observed they
don't want to hear anything outside of
their own it's it's either left or right
and it's the other side is wrong and if
and there's nothing in the middle and if
you say one thing that represents the
other side like they in a box away but
that's the thing I'm I'm like the this
whole [__] situation we have with
over now and what we're doing in society
it's strange times man cuz people adj
just the human animal is weird it's a
weird [__] Spees cuz individually we
can be smart but when we in droves just
just just dummies just a bunch of
dummies and droves sometimes I'm like
how can a smart person have this idea
about this when you know what's really
happening you really it's like if you if
you really step away from it like you
said just remove yourself from situation
look at it from a third person as some
Observer just watch it and just be like
I know what that is but then somehow the
smartest people I know sometimes just
have the weirdest way of looking at the
world and I try not to hold it against
them because I'm like I know you you're
a smart person but maybe the way you
were brought up or your own childhood
trauma again can kind of skew the way
you look at the world so I never hold it
against them I just kind of
like it's not personal it's not about me
it's about them so just observe but yeah
it's weird man very weird very strange
and they're just I guess trying to fit
in too they're trying to be part of a
tribe exactly tribe yeah so it's like
more mentality even with um I remember
when Andrew Schultz said recently he's
like on one of his podcasts he said he
regrets getting the vaccine and yeah he
said he wishes he never did what like
people I find this really strange that
people like people don't want to get
duped people don't want to get duped
people hate feeling like they go had M
and if people if someone felt like oh
you know they they got duped they kind
of want to get people into their tribe
so can they can you know we've got you
on our side I'm I don't care what side
you're on I literally don't care whether
you want to do this or you do that all I
care about is how you treat people how
you treat the people around you the
people you interact with but nah this
damn age like I find people asking me
the strangest questions like and then
they'll base their how they treat you
based on that response like are you
vaccinated that was one of the weirdest
one I was like why do you care yeah what
does that do for you well we need to
decide who you are one decision we want
to know what box to put you in I'm just
like why so I like to [__] with people
and just like ah maybe am maybe I'm not
we'll find out but then they just like
no but we need to know but you're yeah
we need yeah who side are you on exactly
I'm like why do you care yeah and this
is the thing with division as well I've
said like divide and conquer that's the
easiest way to break a you know a nation
or a group of people just divide them
and separate them make them think that
one is on the other side and this and
that and make them fight amongst each
other this how they've done it for years
for centuries the oligarchs or the
Illuminati or whatever you want to call
it they divide and conquer this is how
they get it done so why do you think
like they're not doing that right now in
so many different ways so many different
ways I I consider myself to be someone
that sits in the middle so like
sometimes I agree I don't I don't [__]
with politics at all I don't so you know
Nigerian parents my dad used to have CNN
or BBC on the Telly all the [__] time
constantly just on repeat but I just
don't watch the news I I literally don't
listen to it um you know in New Zealand
we used to have um like an update with
this whole Co [__] on Mondays I believe
around 5:00 p.m I never once was like on
a Monday like
o when oh [__] okay but everyone else is
just like oh has have they made the
announcement yeah I'm just
like I get the I get it new secondhand
I'm like what do they say oh cool are we
allowed to cuz I just the rules didn't
apply to me that's how I feel I just I
really and I it's my ego talking I'm not
talking the rules of the law I'm just
talking like no matter what they say I
can do or I can't do like example we
were locked down for three months last
year in
August during that time there was things
we weren't allowed to do like
train I
trained
allegedly yeah but I found ways like I
just felt like the rules didn't apply to
me cuz I mean in the beginning of the
pandemic trust me I was scared I was I
didn't know what this [__] [__] would
it felt like The Purge but then
eventually after all the [__] after
a year and two years I kind of like okay
like everyone else we we just knew what
was going on there's some kind of
other I guess agenda behind it that we
have no [__] idea about I'm not going
to act like I [__] know but I just
know this doesn't make sense to me it
does not make sense to me that I don't
want to get too deep into all that [__]
but like it literally didn't make sense
to me the common sense was just not
commoning it was not common enough so I
was just like okay this is there's
something going on here that I'm not
[__] with but I'm going to live my
life the best way I know how in the
lines of what I can
allegedly I hear you when you said at
the start about the cartwheel you said
you know you just wanted to be
authentically yourself and this kind of
links to what we're saying now when I
when I was I joined BBC 1 as a dragon I
started thinking about how I defend
myself from the ability been canceled
either for the people that I speak to
here yeah and one of the ways that I
kind of concluded with my team was well
if I'm always myself and I don't ever
try and convince the press that I'm a
good
guy bro this is where this is the this
is the Trap that a guy like John joose
fell into cuz he was always like the
pastor's son he was always like you know
um after a fight I want to thank Jesus
you know I want to be sponsored by Nike
and you know all kids you know I want to
be SE kids look up I want to be a good
role model
ra [__] them kids [__] all that [__] you
know what I mean I'm like bro people
trying to say that oh you know my kid
looks up to you I'm like raise your own
damn kids raise your own damn kids you
know like one thing after my UFC debut
some gu so at my Afterparty I had this
shirt right said good [__] from engage
classic sold still big seller and some
guy oh straight up it was the beautiful
shirt like and also was like a a play on
a famous designer brand GC like
yeah so we we sld those we still sell
them heaps but um this guy came up to me
and he was interviewing me at my own
after party and I could see he was
trying to set me up so then he's like oh
so what do you yeah so what do you think
a t-shirt like that sends what kind of
messages it send I'm like what do you
mean and he he thought he [__] with
the he [__] with the wrong one this
son so he's like what do you think that
kind of shirt sends as a message to say
for example a young a young kid who
looks up to you and I was just like oh
really oh so what does that kid look
look up to me for he's like well for
being in your position as a what a
fighter right yes so that kid just saw
what I did about a few hours ago when I
beat the [__] out of that guy and he saw
where I was take him he's like no no no
I was like stay there and I can see him
trying to find a way out so that kid
just watched me beat this [__] guy to
a pulp in his own blood as he spat blood
at me and I beat him in his own blood
till the referee dragged me off him yeah
oh really so what do you think is doing
more damage to the kid is is is me doing
that and as and the kid looking up to me
for that or me wear in the Shir that
just says good [__] it's this whole
[__] culture of like stupid language
games you can say that word and that's a
bad word and this and that so and then I
I can't remember how I flamed him but I
flamed him there was a bit of an
audience as well I flamed him badly he
never released the the interview
obviously because he had like the S but
he thought he had me but he didn't
realize he [__] with the wrong one and
I just turn him I was like I
think me doing my
job it does more damage to the kid for
watching than me wearing a shirt that
says good [__] you know what I mean and
I hate that the fact that we're playing
these because even when I do I don't do
New Zealand media anymore cuz they're
too [__] stupid for me and too like I
did this morning show one time and I was
talking I said something ask oh that's a
swear swear JW swi I'm like what the
[__] do this high school I'm like I'm an
adult I know you I've seen you at
[__] Pon Social Club drunk up your
face I know what you do in the bathroom
you know what I mean so I'm just like
don't try and act like you're holier
than th now and like oh you put that in
the sweat J it's like this wh what what
what game are we playing you're playing
this stupid game it's like oh we can say
these words but we can't say these words
like you're an adult when the cameras go
off I know how the [__] you speak I know
how you talk you know and it's like why
we pretending we don't speak the way we
do because of what because we're on TV
it's just it Buggles me sometimes and I
start to like what are we playing it's
like it's it's it's so stupid as adults
we're adults like we we we talk this is
how this is language we curse we swear
but then when the TV comes oh you want
to be proper and you know you must you
be you know prestigious and speak I'm
like nah [__] all that [__] man like
let's let's speak the way we normally
speak and be authentically ourselves so
that's like Charlamagne say something he
says Speak Your Truth so no one can no
one can use your truth against you amen
amen bro like trust me like I I'm able
to get away with a lot of things I get
away with because I never said I'm a
saint I know myself I am a [__] demon
sometimes trust there's no good people
there's no bad people people are just
capable of great good and great evil you
know what I mean but I just try to do
more good than bad but I have done some
bad things in my time cuz I'm a human
being you know what I mean so when
people try and I guess put you in a box
like oh he's a good guy or he's this I'm
like there's no good people there's no
bad people we're just people and we're
capable of great good and great evil
that's it amen yeah I I in my head when
you were saying that and you looked me
in the eyes and went I'm I've been a
demon sometimes I just had this image of
Nigerian so that side is yeah yeah no
but that's the thing so when I started
this podcast I know I was going to be on
BBC 1 at 9:00 p.m. on this very prig a
show I was like by the way I used to
shoplift pizzas to feed myself when I
was broke I did this I did this I did
this and you can there exactly right and
you could almost in my head when you
said that I could I was imagining the
Press here just packing up their
suitcases and [__] off and being like
we've got we can't use him bro TR we
can't use this guy because he's not
tried to he's not tried to tell us that
he's he's not built this big hill of
moral perfection so we got to go find
you know we got go find they can't [__]
with me cuz you know why if like there's
a reason I've stayed off TMZ I've never
been on TMZ KN and wood never will for
the wrong reasons
but I mean one day if something happens
I just happen to be on TMZ for the wrong
reason i' be like whoopsie my bad I made
a mistake but guess what I never told
you I was perfect exactly normal I'm
human being and so I'm just like that
that that's my power is being vulnerable
with my faults you know I'm not going to
say I've done this I've done that buty I
just know I'm not I'm not perfect I'm a
human being I make mistakes and it's
okay to make mistakes the difference
between me and some people is that I
actually learn from my mistakes and I
don't make the same mistakes over and
over and over again in the public eye
like some people dungs that's one that's
a classic example obviously the same
[__] mistake we had a guest come on
this podcast in December and um she said
that she was making the point about
everyone having the same 24 hours in the
day this was kind of the quote she used
and it became the number one story in
this country for three days it trended
number one on Twitter it was on hundreds
of newspaper articles written about it
because I think maybe her brand is one
that is trying to be a role model so so
she was a it was the number one trending
topic in our country for three days the
story that she said everyone has the
same hours in the day oh right exactly
so I came out and said by the way loads
of my guests say that all the time why
are you attacking that and then my next
press event right I I wore a shirt that
said 24 hours on it everyone clapped I
didn't get canceled and I said am I
canceled I wore a shirt and all the PS
are there I said 20 24 hours in the
shirt and this is what I'm this is my
that was my attempt again to say by the
way I'm not perfect and if you want to
cancel me please do it now so I can get
with my life yeah I'm still waiting
they've tried they've tried me they they
keep trying me I'm just like look it's
hard to cancel someone when they
actually don't give a
[__] I'm like I fight people for money
that's what I do for a job I beat people
up for a shitload of money if you really
want to take my political views or my
moral views into consideration and say
this and that that's on you I'm like
this is I'm not I never said I'm a saint
I'm not a [__] politician I don't
everyone I don't feel like I have
anything to hide like I said I put
everything not everything but like I put
things out there that I probably
shouldn't sometimes but that's my way of
being vulnerable to the point where I'm
just like this is me take it or leave it
but I feel like me doing that attracts
the people who can re relate who can
resonate and I feel like they gravitate
towards me you don't talk about your
relationships your romantic
relationships never I keep that away nah
is it because protecting the person or
prot or look this world one thing I've
seen is they'll build you up right
they'll build you up and then tear you
down like free Britney um Miley Cyrus
Justin Bieber all these people I've seen
it happen so many times so and also this
world just takes they just take take
when I have kids you'll never know the
world would never know their face I
don't I'm even contemplating if I still
give them my last name because I don't
want to put that pressure on them
because uh even my my
siblings sometimes they hate it as well
where it's like you know oh oh this is
um this is d this is Israel's brother or
El is um it's Deborah this is Israel's
sister or Stalin the sister and they're
like oh my name's Deborah you know like
I don't want to put that on them same
thing on my relationships that's certain
things I protect cuz I value them so I
keep them safe because the world do just
try and take take take and that's one
that's one thing everyone wants to like
know what's he doing who's he with
apparently I'm gay as well because of my
nails and my pearl necklaces and all
that stuff so I'm just like let him talk
it's
fun but have you found it difficult
because of the success and the meteoric
rise and the money and the increased
attention to to navigate being good in
that department and also your obsession
with becoming the man you are today
which did feel like an obsession when I
was reading about your story sleeping in
the gym yeah like how does one do that
and also balance out having personal
life that's regular I'm I'm a human
being and I have feelings you know so
I'm an empath as well I'm yeah I'm born
on the cusp so I'm like I say I'm a
cancer Leo I'm hard and soft like a semi
chub you know introvert extrovert
exactly my guy so a lot of people don't
realize that about myself like when it's
time to like go in my in my in my crab
hole I just find my way I'm like right
Leave Me This I love my friends because
my close friends I can we can do this
for hours and just yawn and talk [__]
and make fun of each other and just show
each other love but then we can spend
the next three hours just sitting in the
same room being on my phone or watching
TV or listen to a podcast and not say a
damn word and just enjoy each other's
space I love that I love that feeling
but um yeah I'm a person who who feels a
lot
so I like to protect that I like to keep
that really guarded cuz like I said the
world will take that away from you man
and I feel like people ruin things
people especially like this this this is
not supposed to happen the world I'm
being under a microscope and everyone
watching what I'm doing so certain I
just I feel like I just have to really
protect cuz I don't want the world to
take that away from me cuz they just
take take my cat died um maybe two years
ago the morning she died right I was I
think I was feeling gas up in the
afternoon and some guy came up while I'm
feeling gas and goes brother bro can you
talk to my cousin real quick he's a big
fan I'm just like man bro my cat just
died this morning man I'm not kny the
mood and I remember the look on his face
it's like oh all good all good whatever
and I was like give me the phone I was
said hello and this is as I'm filling
gas actively and I was like what the f
hold up bro no phones like what what if
I spontaneously C but they don't care
they just want to have their moment they
want to take they want to take they want
to take so that's why if I'm having
dinner with my family if I'm on a date
if I'm in the intimate moment people
start to like bro I don't want to be
that guy but I'm like but you're being
that guy you're being that guy you say
you don't want to be that guy but you're
being that guy that's people say I'm not
a racist I got oh yeah bro man I hate to
be that guy but can I I'm like but
you're being that guy you hate to be
that guy boy you're doing it right now
and it's like I'll be having lunch with
you and within 10 minutes we'll get Stu
probably like six times with you I'm
probably if we if we at lunch in London
we probably not even have a chance to
talk but they don't care they just want
to get their picture and put on their
[__] social media with [__] 20
followers like look champ like whatever
I'm just like no let me have my moment
I'm I'm and I've learned this I okay my
experience with this and I always bring
this up whenever I see him on on on TV
or here is raps most deaf I see most
deaf in common in Auckland Airport and
they're having a conversation by the by
the back Carousel and I I want to fight
in Adela and I'm coming back home I have
my trophy and I was like yo I want to
get a picture and I pull up to him I'm
like hey what's up most big fan he's
like hey brother just no photos today
man I was like yeah oh good no wor it's
easy now remember I was a bit sad but I
understood I understood cuz they were in
a bidd in the middle of a conversation
actively talking I should have had the
etiquette to realize like just they
talking leave them alone but this is the
thing no one I feel like it's learned
behavior as well this one thing because
everyone thinks that you're a biggest
fan it's the same rhetoric I I know the
lines they're going to say each time but
like it's a learn beh havior I don't
know I think it's maybe from TV or
Disney or whatever people feel like when
when you meet someone you really you're
a fan of you yell at them to let them
know how much of a fan you are and you
show them by just shaking and I honestly
think it's learn Behavior because I'm
sometimes I'm I'm like there's no need
for all this I'll be at like a three I'm
chilling at a two or three at a park and
so no [__] way oh my God ah I'm just
like okay like after the Whitaker fight
the first one I remember after that
whole the fight after the Afterparty on
the way back to the uh back to New
Zealand I remember at the airport I put
out a story just saying like look if you
see me at the airport or traveling just
approach me lightly cuz if you come at
me with all this energy I'll walk away I
put that on my story just cuz I was like
I'll walk away cuz my capacity to deal
with with high energy right now was
just how are you feeling I was just
drained I was drained so I was just I
just want to go home and chill so I
remember at the airport I just I was
before at the hotel I put at before I
went to the airport I just put that out
there on the store just to be like look
don't come at me with all this [__] CU
it's too much for me to deal with right
now so if you come at me just like hey
what's up bro big fan can I take a photo
that's cool and I remember that fight
week the week before the fight week I
realized and I had an epiphany I
realized I don't have to match
everyone's energy
because that was a problem I used to
like if you're a fan you meet me I feel
hey even if I met like I said my cat
just died then I'd have to like raise my
level up hey what's up bro hey do the
whole song and dance and all that [__]
but I'm like N I don't have to match
everyone's energy cuz guess what hard
pill to swallow I'm not excited to meet
you as much as you are to meet me it's
just a hard pill to swallow and it's
just my everyday life I'm not excited to
meet you as you are to meet me and
that's okay because this is my life this
is how I deal with things so once I once
I kind of like go over that hump I was
like I don't have to match everyone's
energy so if someone comes at me at a 10
I don't have to raise my level up I
could I'm just chilling I'm listening to
a podcast I can just pause and be like
hey what's up man how you doing and if
they feel like that's a [__]
interaction cool that's their
prerogative I don't care but if I'm if
you met me last night like [__] I'm
in the streets in London last night I'm
showing love to everyone I'm dancing I'm
talking to people I'm I'm Mr you know Mr
area boy but that's a time and place I'm
taking pictures and you know all that
kind of stuff there's a time and place
if you catch me at the right time and
place [__] yeah I'll show you love but I
hate when people get entitled and think
they just I want to take I want to take
so that's why I keep yeah quick one as
you might know crafted are one of the
sponsors of this podcast and they make
really meaningful pieces of jewelry this
lion piece they've made I wear all the
time along with the little time piece
the sandtimer that I wear often and the
line piece you might have seen Conor
McGregor has a similar piece which was
custom made for him for me it represents
courage and if you walk through my house
the house that I'm in right now if you
walk six feet in that direction you'll
see a huge lion portrait if you go
upstairs you'll see a lion portrait if
you look behind me on the Shelf near the
top there you'll see a lion as well the
reason my house and my life is
surrounded by lions is because they
represent courage calmness and that
tenacity that I've applied to my
business success to my professional life
and everything in between for me the
lion has always been an animal that can
be almost a bit of a contradiction they
are so loving and so caring of their own
and can be powerful and courageous when
necessary in order to achieve what they
want to achieve so if you like me are a
big fan of Courage bravery ambition
while also being calm and composed check
out this line piece and let me know if
you get it and you keep your boys and
your the people you came up with close
right tell me about the import how how
much you realized the importance of that
as you've risen to this place you know
to keep the day ones around you and
stuff like that I mean you you'll know
this it's Lonely at the Top you know but
it's not if you bring the right people
with you the people that came up with
you the people that you know love you
for you you know the people that know
you from before you had money before you
were famous you know so um I like to
have them around to keep me grounded to
keep me grounded and just make sure I'm
I'm solid cuz they knew me before any of
this [__] happens and you know it's hard
cuz sometimes you I've I have fallen
into the Trap of having people who just
agree with me yes man you know and even
my boy chance I'm glad like I have him
around cuz sometimes I'm crazy I don't
always have the best ideas and I'll have
an idea he'll be like nah like okay cool
I just needed someone to tell me no but
I'll put it out there boy if he's like
nah we're not doing that I'm okay cool
cuz then it just helps me but if I have
people around me who was like okay sure
then eventually it just makes me more
powerful I just to think like oh yeah
you know I'm the [__] I can say whatever
I want and that's not that's not healthy
man I don't think that's healthy for the
ego you know
yeah well I just like having people like
that around me because I feel like yeah
they keep me grinding and just remind me
where I come from you know they're and
there's so many stories man each of my
friends in my group chat I've known each
of them over 10 years but well over 10
years man then we all have stories we
can kind of share from back in the day
that just just remind me where I come
from from yeah and the other thing that
happens is when you reach what the
heights you've reached in your
profession is we talked about it then
you have this other um this other
attention which is from women that might
want you for the wrong reasons yeah my
mom always warns me about this have a
baby
bu my mom's trying to tell me like you
know when are you going to settle down
when are you going to find a nice [__]
just settle yeah she wants me to be with
a Nigerian woman she doesn't like I
Don't Settle yeah I don't settle so for
me that that's something I guess you
just you just have to take it by case-by
casee basis yeah Case by case bases cuz
you do find people who just some people
play the long game put it that way I've
had people play the long game with me
even recently it's just like yeah you
know they there's love there and all
that kind of stuff but they play a long
game because they see the value and it's
not just what you it's just what you
bring to the table and they get entitled
you know and I feel like that's that's
not the way you want to be when you have
someone you know that's that you're
romantically in love with or involved
with it's like you don't want to be
competing with them or have them feel
entitled to what you have I'm like yo
you just got here I beam made it the
[__] you talking about what do you bring
to the table I bought the [__] table
what values are you looking for do you
look for in in that kind of person kind
I just like someone who's caring who
gives a [__] who really cares like and
who wants nothing from me that's the
thing it's hard to find but someone who
needs nothing I even for me I don't even
celebrate my birthday and I'm hard to
buy gifts for cuz I'm not really a
material I love material things
obviously but nice watch yeah thank you
I'm sure you know we work
yeah now but yeah like I'm not a
material person but I do like material
things but it's hard to buy gifts for me
because I found this as well with my
rich friends when I was coming up it was
hard to buy gifts for them when someone
you they able to buy whatever they want
so but in that in that I just look for
someone who's who's who's caring someone
who really gives a [__] that's the main
thing do you give a [__] about me yeah
and you're going to have a family one
day of course no that's my that's
definitely one of my main goals after
this I don't want to be that Dad that's
like you know I wake up see my kids for
like 30 minutes before I go to work and
then when I finish work I see them like
for hour hour and a half maybe while I'm
tired no I'm going to make sure I'm
there from the ages of zero to five or
six I'm going to be like what do you
want to do today
like literally what do you want to and I
feel honestly [__] school I don't know
why we still even have this whole
[__] this this outdated concept of
school to just build workers cuz we know
what the [__] school was made for why we
pretending we know school was created to
create workers do you still know I don't
what the [__] is X no [__] idea bro
I'm still waiting still I I'm like when
have I in my life as an adult known what
the [__] X is no [__] idea a lot of
useless information gonna passed on to
me in school and I sucked at school
because I was [__] at memorizing same I
didn't really learn anything dropouts as
we do cheers drop out my man school
doesn't teach you much
honestly teaches you the basics I
understand maths yes english
comprehension all that kind of stuff but
when you come to like social studies and
algebra and calculus I'm like are you
going to use those in the real world so
FK School my plan is right when I have
kids I'm I'm going to have a tutor
that's going to teach them from the age
at home from the from the time like say
maybe 900 a.m. to midday or 100 p.m. and
they'll have an hour of homework and the
rest of the day we'll just go on
adventures doing [__] but then they're
going to do gymnastics compulsory
because I want to make sure they know
their body the foundation of athleticism
gymnastics and Jiu-Jitsu so that way
they're involved with other kids and not
socially awkward you don't want toise
some [__] bum kids who you know don't
have any social skills but yeah you I
want to make sure that they have those
kind of skills by interacting with other
kids through gymnastics or through
Jiu-Jitsu or other like activities and
they'll do that every day or every
whatever day of days of the week it is
but school going there clocking in
sitting down watching a teacher write
some [__] on the board and write no
one's teaching they just literally some
of these people just there to catch a
paycheck and I've seen it I was in
school you just see them they oh they
write the [__] on the board whatever
copy this copy exactly copy this I
didn't even know what cuz we were doing
these when I was in in high school NCA
credits and I I remember just like
towards the end of the year what's all
this credits credits credits not to
repeat the whole year well I didn't know
what it I was like credit well NCA
credits what's all this credit [__]
Credit Credit Credit Credit I did not
care I didn't understand I just didn't
fathom it but then eventually when I go
to Grass I was like oh this sucks it's a
[__] system and then they'll give you
the D and then you'll feel like you're a
d as a human you identify
one of the worst ones I remember was in
in boarding school in Nigeria I was I
was bottom three in the class and of
course they have to announce it the
bottom three and you have to stand in
front of the school they announce
it just like these are the bottom three
of stand with your head down yep that's
us that's yeah we we the ones I was the
lowest yes thank you okay now go on take
your seats okay yes thank you oh the
worst man and it's just ating but it's
like it's I don't know if it's meant to
motivate you or what but it didn't do
[__] and like I said you a lot of people
start like if I see that now even like
young people they have to tie the
selfworth I have a friend in med school
who literally like when it gets crunch
time they just like I need to get these
grades I need they get the grades up and
they just identify themselves if I don't
get this I'm useless this is it I failed
I'm like you're 23 calm the [__] down
it's not that deep it is obviously it's
your career but I'm like there's more to
life there's way more to life this than
than just this idea of who you think you
are cuz when I was [__] 18 I thought
I was going to be married and have kids
at
23 boy was I wrong damn I'm like I the
[__] who who let me buy a house now I'm
like why I don't know who let me do that
I shouldn't should have never given
these [__] money first of all I didn't
think they gave it to you you I took all
that I'm a bankr yeah
like yeah I don't know what I was
thinking back then I thought like this I
thought I knew what I wanted so when I
was 18 I was like I'm going to have kids
when I'm 23 24 [__] hell jeez
Anda what when you look forward at your
your you I mean youve reached the top of
your game um how do you how do you keep
yourself you know what is the thing
that's driving you now what is the thing
you're aiming for now what's that North
Star that's getting you out of
bed is it legac out people talk about
Legacy and Legacy yeah big thing Legacy
is for me definitely the Legacy I want
to live why does that matter I think I
want to be immortal I don't know if it's
my ego or I'm selfish or what it is but
I I just know look I did the prefix I is
royalty where we're from you know I from
the from the EUR tribe you know that's
that has some Royal Blood tied to it
Adis but now worldwide the name Adis is
sonon for greatness forever synonymous
with greatness and I'm going to make
sure that is I'm going to make sure if
you have that name I this you're proud
to be like yep I'm tied to that
bloodline I understand
because I don't know I don't know what
it is is it my ego why is it that
[__] King King Tut wanted to be
buried in his tomb with all his gold
even though he's not going to be there
to exact to enjoy it I don't know I
don't know but I know when it's all said
and done when I'm
dead my name will be remembered in
history was that Troy line and that's
why no one will remember your name or
whatever it was but like I want to make
sure that my name will be remembered and
revered throughout history as one of
the one of the best in this game but
also just as a person I just just just a
GC just a good [__] just a happy dude
who was who was enjoying life and just I
don't know making [__] happened but it's
more about the feeling though I want
people to remember my name and just
remember the feeling I gave them you
know what I mean like those who were
alive to or not alive or around to watch
Jordan's um reign in the NBA I mean I'm
sure when they hear Jordan they can just
I remember that time I was at that game
or I remember that time I watched that
that game live and they remember the
feeling I want those like when they
remember my name to be like I was there
243 I remember how I was in the in the
arena when he won that feeling I want I
want people forget what you say or what
you do but they never forget how you
make them feel so it's the feeling I
want to make sure they remember yeah
when people reach the top of their game
they start becoming philanthropists we
see this when people get billions they
fig because they they can't seem to get
the buzz or the feeling anymore from
um from business or success or money or
L begins your y so they start like
helping other people right I'm getting
there you're getting to the point where
you're starting to feel that the
greatest service you can do is like for
others cuz when you're talking about
your legacy there it's actually sounds
like the feeling that's feel
philanthropy it's like I want to leave
this feeling with other people so that
they feel you know inspired or whatever
yeah um I'm doing the same thing as well
I'm setting my people of the people in
my circle I'm not handing anything out
to them but just with opportunities you
know and also experiencing I'm giving
them experiences to inspire them um but
yeah there's things that I do behind the
scenes that I don't necessarily I don't
know like I'm not one of these guys I
don't do it for the likes I do it for
love and I feel like there's a bar from
Jay-Z the best form of giving is
anonymous to Anonymous so there's ways I
just I drop gems like Shaq I love the
way Shaq does it but he does it quite
over atly like you want a bike yeah huh
ask your mom if you have a bike you got
these shoes how many you want you know
like he does that just drop Gams
everywhere he makes people happy cuz if
it feels good to make people feel good
even though that is selfish in a sense
because I'm getting I'm getting
something I'm getting good feels out of
it but still I'm making someone feel
good I'd rather that but I'm not doing
it to be
like yeah hey man you know I know you're
hungry and I just bought you this meal
cuz I really want to show love to you
man you know yeah exactly and upload it
to the gram and then [__] yeah I don't
do that like I there's things I've done
even
Tim will tell you after this I mean even
for this fight there was someone that I
I think last year he went through some
stuff that I heard about on on on the
media and I was just like [__] I went
through that [__] as well and then this
fight I brought him out and I I showed
him a good time yeah he and his mom and
I I I put them up got them tickets and
just made sure they um yeah they were
looked after I met him backstage and
just gave him a few words of
encouragement and I don't need to bring
it up because yeah yeah I yeah it's fine
I [__] yeah but Tim will tell you about
it when you walked in the song playing
do you remember the song playing hold up
oh Victory oh no that was a nipy yeah um
which one was it was from Victory lap
though yeah yeah yeah double up double
up yeah oh every time that song gets me
every time when it gets the course I
live behind when you let me oh it gets
me man every single time I don't know
why about something about that track it
just gets me in my field I didn't even
thinking about I get goosebumps yeah
double UPS the track man when I saw you
pre fight playing that song in the hotel
room crying yeah and then I saw you in
the stands another time crying yeah I
guess that was the evidence that you are
a bit of an empath you do feel the last
one was that was when I watched my boy
Blood Diamond jump on the scale to weigh
in um and I get really emotional fight
week's like my wedding week I feel this
is why I I dread getting married cuz I
don't the guest list I'm just like I
don't even [__] know who I want to
like invite cuz people going to be like
oh you did invite me ready I I don't
that's why I don't celebrate my birthday
cuz it's like a few times a year there's
a whole week that everything's about me
so I don't need another special day that
it's about me so that's why I'm most ad
dreading like I said my wedding day or
my birthday forced fun exactly so I I
really don't celebrate my birthday to be
honest like every day is my birthday I
can do whatever [__] I want you know I
don't even sell I don't I don't buy
gifts from people on their birthday I
just buy them if I see something I oh I
think she'll like that or I think he'll
value that I'll just buy it just because
I'm like or give them the experience
just because I feel like they'll value
that but um I know you're not missing
Valentine's Day though oh no Valentine's
Day I have a special tradition on
Valentine's Day I used to do but I kind
I don't really play around with it
anymore I just used to like just mad
memes on my page and just just it's
funny I was just awake first time I did
it was in
2014 yes I believe 2014 Valentine's Day
I was fighting and throughout the day I
was waiting for the fight I was just
bored this before stories on Instagram
so I just put up like 80 posts that day
just like yeah I know people go mad at
me people were really entertained but I
didn't care I was just I was just in
that fight mode so I was just like
[__] putting a post about van just
memes and just making just making fun of
Valentine's Day but [__] good times good
good times before I was uh I guess Super
Famous one of our guests you said you're
going up to Manchester on um on the
weekend one of our guests Patrice ever
is Manchester United football legend
he's a do you know the guy no I see I
don't football the bug didn't catch me
yeah he didn't catch me as a sports
didn't really catch me as a kid CU I was
unathletic funny enough yeah I know I
was never really athletic kid yeah Matt
I mean patri when Patrice came here he
he's from his family from Africa
originally moved to France played for
the French football team he became this
Legend maybe the greatest Manchester
United Wing back in our history um he
wrote a question in the diary um we
always get our guests to write questions
in the diary right yes I heard about
this this is all I knew about this
podcast I was like okay apparently
there's a question yeah yeah there's a
question at the end but in fact I'm
going to read you the question that's
been left for you by I don't actually
read it until I look at it but um
Patrice asked a question which I thought
was really profound because I remember
being asked this question one day and it
really puzzled me and it's such a simple
question so I'm going to ask you the
question okay are you happy right now
yes yes I'm very happy why' you say
right now cuz it's not lasting it's
fleeting that's one thing I've also
learned as well is well you can't enjoy
the sunshine without a little rain and
everything is temporary everything
everything's forever changing so even
right now I'm happy I'm enjoying life I
love where I'm at I love who I'm around
I love who I'm with you know I I know
it's not it's not lasting cuz guess what
something's going to happen that's going
to shake that up cuz back in the day
whenever this has happening I'm just
like it's been a few good
days things is to
nice where's the thing that's going to
[__] me up but now now I'm just like
this is nice and I'll just sit in it and
I'll just enjoy it I enjoy the happiness
and I enjoy what I'm doing to enjoy
where I'm at and then when the bad thing
comes I'm like ah there it is it's okay
this is going to pass as well this too
shall pass so when I say yeah I'm happy
right now I'm happy very happy are you
good at defending that happiness because
because the amount of you even described
it when you came off after your debut
the amount of people that are going to
want to talk to you and do an interview
in Israel Israel are you good at saying
no better I'm better at it now I never
used to be this is where I was talking
about the people pleaser thing back in
the day and this is why this year one of
my things is I don't get [__] up
around people I don't like or I don't
know cuz I realize when I get drunk I'm
too nice I'm a friendly drunk I'm like a
[__] golden retriever when I'm drunk
or black labrador I'm just like hey and
not everyone's your friend not everyone
wants the best for you but they'll just
take advantage and try and like you
know I just let my boundaries get
crossed too many times you know and I
let people get too close maybe like too
then the next day I'm just like why the
[__] did I let that person you know ah
[__] I wish I'd said no to that you know
then I start to like they'll eat at me
for the next few days so yeah um I I'm
getting and it's practice it's
constantly evolving but I know how to
say no now I just say and I don't have
to explain myself I literally just say
no because when you're explaining
yourself you're losing I learned that
from chill suon remember when I used to
listen to his podcast he said something
really profound like when you're
explaining yourself you're losing so I
don't explain myself I just say no if
that's like if someone like can I get a
photo can I I'm like I'm busy oh please
I'm like
no because it's like first of all you
see I'm having I'm on a date right now
and I said no or I'm walking with
someone right now having an intimate
moment and you're disturbing my peace so
I say no and if you try and like push
push okay no and some oh [__] you know
they'll say something stupid oh well
[__] Rubble Smasher anyway or whoever
your next opponent is I was like huh
okay then I just let them you know this
is why I didn't take a photo with you
boy if they sometimes at a restaurant
like if I say no to someone cuz I'm
having lunch or I'm on a date or
whatever and then they come up to me and
like I'm busy right now man all if they
leave me alone on my way out if I see
that person I and and they were and they
were nice and respectful I'd be like yo
you have your phone on you then we'll
take a photo cuz I'm like thanks for
being respectful cuz sometimes I can
understand people's judgment goes out
the way when they see a celebrity
apparently and I felt this way like I
said you just don't realize your
etiquette it's just so when when that
happens I don't hold it against them I'm
like it's learn Behavior like I said so
then
I'll yeah I'll take my time out of my
out of my day and just say what's up
afterwards but if they like you know oh
please please
I'm like bro you're not respecting my
boundaries you didn't respect my no I
need my no to be respected I said no why
because I [__] said so that's it I
don't need to explain myself to you who
the [__] are you I don't know you from a
bar soap and again you're more excited
to meet me than I am to meet you in in
the core of your being do you realize
that you're a star yeah I always knew so
I I knew I wasn't going to be regular I
I just knew like I was going to be great
at something I didn't know what it was
but I knew I was going to be great at
something I just knew even when I was
working my my last job I just I I'm
grateful for it cuz it showed me what I
didn't want in life I just knew this
isn't for me and what is that is that
self-belief that gets you there or is
that so is it is it you believing that
you're going to be great that got you
there or is it because you were innately
destined to be great I'm trying to
figure out if it's something that one
what came first a chicken or the egg
yeah there's levels there's people like
us we we're crazy in the sense that we
believe
to be it's almost delusional sometimes
you like what's the one I've heard this
quote on the JRE before it's like
greatness and Madness and next door
neighbors and they just borrow each
other sugar once in a while you know
what I mean so there's a point like I've
used a story of me when I used to drive
this beat up Honda and I'd shift the the
gear stick and I just do this you do
this I literally it was Madness I was me
preparing for having a sports car paddle
shifts so I shifted you know three boom
gear four boom and when I dropped
down you know same thing just like I was
getting ready I was I was this is I bro
I can manifest like a
[__] do you believe in it in in
the metaphysical like sense you% 100%
everything comes from the imagination
everything comes from like before this
microphone was a microphone
someone somehow thought about it now how
can I speak into something that would
amplify my voice and blah blah blah BL
blah and then this came out of it and
it's evolved over the years but
everything comes from the imagination so
the power of the Mind people don't
understand we still don't understand I
still don't understand how powerful it
is I'm still learning but I know one
thing is I can make things happen I can
go to
levels I just can't tell the world but
like there levels that like I've
manifested things that I'm just like I
still shock myself like how the [__] did
I make that happen and this is not even
to do with fighting this is to do with
my personal life and I'm like I made
that happen and this is through this
like manifesting subconsciously as well
just years of something just manifesting
manifesting and Bo it's right there I'm
just like [__] I really made that happen
it's scary man it's scary for me to even
think about I reflect on that and almost
view it like getting in your car in the
morning when you get in the car in the
morning you set the
saav but then you've also got to drive
you've also got to go to training yeah
if you just set the saav where you going
to be sitting in the car sitting in the
[__] car you sit there and make all
these dreams a manifest but you have to
work and what happens if you just drive
work if you drive and with no satav you
don't know where you're going you're
lost you know what I mean you have no
Direction so for me I feel like both of
them together when you when you really
when you have the vision and you're able
to manifest but then you also put the
work in Magic happens man magic that's
where the magic is but a lot of people
never get there unfortunately a lot of
people we're blessed that we can dream
amen we're blessed that we can dream
that's one thing I've realized a lot of
people even from the impoverished parts
of London will be will be lucky to have
my old job you know from where I'm from
from Nigeria a lot of people will be
blessed to have my old job and they'll
be like yo this is I have a great job I
can send money back home this and that
but yeah I just had bigger dreams I just
knew what I wanted so I feel like I'm
spoiled that I can I Can Dream the way I
I do and I can manifest the way I do so
I never take it for granted and I
realize the position I'm in I'm
privileged I'm very privileged I read a
quote about about immigrants
specifically from Nigeria and it said
our parents role was to try and figure
out survival and we're here sat blessed
with the task of self-actualization
which is like figuring out meaning and
they said what a beautiful thing that is
yeah they're just trying to survive of
find a way the next way to thrive see
like what's meaning and purpose and
happiness and that's why I feel like
even today the way the world is like the
problems of that we have especially with
all this devices and what not I'm like
you guys don't really have any real
problems like when people in New Zealand
start to complain about some stuff I'm
like you guys are really worried about
this it's like cuz there's no real
problem the police aren't trying to kill
the people constantly you know the
government isn't well they are [__]
the people over but not the same way as
you know Nigerians have being [__]
with by their government for so long so
it's like you really have any real
problems it's like they find things to
to fight about now like now we're
arguing about genders you know this kind
of stuff and it's like cuz there's no
really they're looking for problems
they're creating problems look if there
was some real [__] going on like there's
there was like another War World War III
apparently is coming soon stay tuned
stay tuned yeah if that was happening or
aliens invaded do you think anyone will
give a [__] about any of that [__] [__]
no no way we're worried about some real
[__] happening you know so yeah I feel
like people just start to create
problems because we don't we need we
need struggle we need struggle in our
lives that's the thing Mo out there he
was the head of Google and he changed my
life for something he said about that he
said um um unhappiness is when your
expectations of how life is supposed to
be going go unmet so it explains why a
billionaire when his State comes and
it's not perfectly cooked he will be
[__] furious because his expectation
was here and if it goes unmet the Delta
is unhappiness and if you go to where I
was from in Botswana getting a bowl of
rice expectation is I'm not going to eat
today bowl of rice the Delta is
happiness and it's the same thing you're
talking about with people you know their
problems are relative to their
expectations of life right facts last
question this one was written for you in
the diary by our previous guest what
question do you believe based on the
subject matter of the conversation we've
had today would have been interesting to
ask you that people don't usually ask
you I mean you touched on a few things
that normally don't even talk about like
relationships and kids a little bit
that's stuff that I really hold guarded
but uh have some funny ones in my head
bro I'm not going to talk about those go
for those
ones let me see
um I think diving into my my personal
life a little bit anything that has to
do with like family relationships or you
know like I said yeah family that I'm
going to have
uh I'm glad people don't though cuz like
I said I like to just keep those things
guarded but yeah and I think people kind
of get my love life is not for sale my
family's not for sale those kind of
things like I said I I won't I won't
sell for the consumption of people to
watch I'm not the Kardashians you know I
ain't Kanye West I ain't putting all my
business out there yeah so for me yeah I
keep those things guarded so I think
people kind of respect that understand
that so they don't push too much you get
like a little bit here every now and
then but not nothing too much yeah I
hear you thank you for your time today
it's want toly tremendous man like
you're a killer in so many ways but we
didn't even get to talk about the
marketing and The Branding side of
things levels there's ways I I mean I
did computer graphic design in in
college and I felt like some of the
stuffs I learned there really helped me
with my social media when it comes to
making my own highlights when I was
coming up you know posting all the anime
stuff as well but that's just me being a
big authentic self as well exactly
authentic expression of self if you put
it out there those who appreciate will
gravitate [__] I like that as a bar
t-shirt yeah that's a bar those who
appreciate will gravitate I'm going to
keep that that's dope you add to your
T-shirt collection tell them more but
listen thank you so much for your time
for your grace your humility and your
openness as well means a lot meate
likewise my man and I'm going to look
into you a little bit more you because
this the thing whenever I like to meet
new people and learn about them so
hearing your story I'm just like man
that's still I'm like 700 million at 27
I didn't get all of it but yeah
respect thank you appreciate that you
[Music]